[ZT] Add warp-diag videos (#24029)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/index.mdx

- Graphical User Interface (GUI): Control panel that allows end users to view WARP's [status](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/troubleshooting/connectivity-status/) and perform actions such as turning WARP on or off.
- WARP daemon (or service): Core background component responsible for establishing secure tunnels (using WireGuard or MASQUE) and handling all WARP functionality on your device.

> For nore information, watch the video below or refer to the [WARP architecture guide](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/warp-architecture/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how the WARP client routes traffic, refer to the [WARP architecture page](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/warp-architecture/) and watch the video below.
```
